Q: What's it like writing a book?
A: It's like running a marathon, but you're crawling the entire way and the asphalt is really hot against your skin. Then, once you make it to the end, you have to watch a recording of yourself crawling through it and point out every time you blinked.

Q: How did this happen?
A: I made Destin play Celeste back in 7th grade and he hated it. It inspired me to write about what it'd be like if my entire friend group climbed the mountain, or, rather, if a group of regular people from the real world actually had to go through a fantasy experience.

Q: Are the Dogs real?
A: Yes. Me, Destin, Landon, Garrett, and Patrick are all real people with very similar personalities attributed to us in the book. Of course, in real life, Clyde also joined our friend group in 8th grade, significantly changing the course of history. TDCC is set in a world where none of us ever met Clyde. Without his influence, I don't think I'd still be with my friends.

Q: Why is the second half of the story so much darker than the first half?
A: By the time I had finished "Temple Depths," I had started marching band as a freshman. This "fun," extracurricular "activity" completely changed who I was as a person forever, mentally and physically. Those 14 weeks of hell redefined my views of the world--especially me and Destin's friendship.

Q: What is MultiJumper?
A: In 5th grade I decided I was going to write a book about a random dude who got the ability to travel across the multiverse. I tried at it for around a year and a half, but it didn't work out. I gave up after Destin rudely told me I was never going to finish it. I was really angry whenever I watched "Spiderman: Into the Spiderverse" and it had a bunch of jokes and ideas that I legit had thought of myself. 

Q: Are you embarrassed to share so much about yourself?
A: Kind of. I mean, everything that happened in this book was just a giant exaggeration of a real life event. My friends nearly convinced me that I was a furry (and that I was gay), but I broke past both of those things and proved them wrong. Marching band made me grow jealous of Destin, but I eventually worked past it (only because I wrote this book, though). 
